document one should restart all system components after restoring etcd (#24911)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/configure-upgrade-etcd.md

If the majority of etcd members have permanently failed, the etcd cluster is considered failed. In this scenario, Kubernetes cannot make any changes to its current state. Although the scheduled pods might continue to run, no new pods can be scheduled. In such cases, recover the etcd cluster and potentially reconfigure Kubernetes API server to fix the issue.

{{< note >}}

> In general, we don't recommend restoring etcd when any apiserver is running. We

Reviewer: Hi @roycaihw , Possible edit for replacing lines 204-205:
If any API servers are running in your cluster, you should not attempt to restore instances of etcd.
Instead, follow these steps to restore etcd:

recommend:

> - stop *all* kube-apiserver

Reviewer 2: nit: pluralize (i.e. kube-apiservers) or maybe kube-apiserver instances?

Same below

> - restore state in etcd

Reviewer 2: nit: s/etcd/all etcd instances/

- restart all kube-apiserver

> We also recommend recommend restarting any components to ensure that they don't

Reviewer 2: nit: s/recommend recommend/recommend

> We also recommend restarting any components to ensure that they don't

Reviewer: nit: Which components would you recommend? It seems a bit vague.

rely on some stale data. Note that in practice, given that the restore takes a

> bit of time, the critical components will loose leader lock and they will

Reviewer 3: grammar nits:
```suggestion
bit of time; the critical components will lose leader lock and will
```

> restart themselves.

Reviewer: What do you think about:
During the restoration, critical components lose leader lock and restart themselves. OR
While the restoration occurs, critical components lose leader lock and restart themselves.

Author: updated. Please take a look

If the majority of etcd members have permanently failed, the etcd cluster is considered failed. In this scenario, Kubernetes cannot make any changes to its current state. Although the scheduled pods might continue to run, no new pods can be scheduled. In such cases, recover the etcd cluster and potentially reconfigure Kubernetes API server to fix the issue.

> You should restart all Kubernetes system components after restoring the etcd cluster.

Reviewer 3: This sounds important, so:
```suggestion
{{< note >}}
You should restart all Kubernetes control plane components after restoring the
etcd cluster, so as to be confident that the cluster is not relying on stale cache data.
{{< /note >}}
```
(do you also need to restart all nodes? I'm assuming not)

Author: kubelet also watches the apiserver and keeps some local cache I think, so I would suggest restarting them just to be safe. @jingyih do you have any experience restoring etcd in Kubernetes? If so, could you share your opinion on this?

Reviewer 2: In general, we don't recommend restoring etcd when any apiserver is running. So what we recommend is:
- stop *all* kube-apiserver
- restore state in etcd
- restart all kube-apiserver

Given that the restore takes a bit of time, the critical components will loose leader lock and they will restart themselves (we enable leader election no matter how many of them are running by-default).
We should recommend restarting *any* components to ensure that they don't rely on some stale data, but in practice they will relist on their own after all kube-apiservers will be done for some time.

Reviewer 4: Totally agree with @wojtek-t 's comment here. Restoring etcd cluster with multiple etcd servers is an offline process (i.e., cannot be performed in rolling fashion). It is better to stop the apiservers first.

Author: ack. Will update soon. Thanks for the suggestions!

Author: Sorry I lost track of this PR. I updated the paragraph accordingly. Please take a look

Reviewer 5: I don't want to hijack the thread, but based on the changes made, should we consider using the `{{ caution }}` tag here? (where do we draw the line between `{{ note }}` and `{{ caution }}`?)

Reviewer: Possibly update from note to caution (follow on PR)? The text changes look good. Thanks!
